#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.11
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile
#
aiobotocore[boto3]==2.13.0
    # via
    #   aiobotocore
    #   dvc-s3
    #   s3fs
aiohttp==3.9.5
    # via
    #   aiobotocore
    #   aiohttp-retry
    #   fsspec
    #   s3fs
aiohttp-retry==2.8.3
    # via
    #   dvc-http
    #   scmrepo
aioitertools==0.11.0
    # via aiobotocore
aiosignal==1.3.1
    # via aiohttp
amqp==5.2.0
    # via kombu
aniso8601==9.0.1
    # via graphene
annotated-types==0.7.0
    # via pydantic
antlr4-python3-runtime==4.9.3
    # via
    #   hydra-core
    #   omegaconf
anyascii==0.3.2
    # via wagtail
anyio==4.4.0
    # via
    #   gql
    #   watchfiles
appdirs==1.4.4
    # via
    #   dvc-pandas
    #   iterative-telemetry
    #   pint
asgiref==3.8.1
    # via
    #   django
    #   django-cors-headers
asttokens==2.4.1
    # via stack-data
asyncssh==2.14.2
    # via scmrepo
atpublic==4.1.0
    # via flufl-lock
attrs==23.2.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   dvc
    #   dvc-data
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
    #   sqltrie
babel==2.15.0
    # via -r requirements.in
backoff==2.2.1
    # via gql
beautifulsoup4==4.12.3
    # via wagtail
billiard==4.2.0
    # via celery
boto3==1.34.106
    # via aiobotocore
botocore==1.34.106
    # via
    #   aiobotocore
    #   boto3
    #   s3transfer
celery==5.4.0
    # via
    #   dvc
    #   dvc-task
certifi==2024.6.2
    # via
    #   requests
    #   sentry-sdk
cffi==1.16.0
    # via
    #   cryptography
    #   pygit2
    #   pynacl
charset-normalizer==3.3.2
    # via requests
click==8.1.7
    # via
    #   celery
    #   click-didyoumean
    #   click-plugins
    #   click-repl
    #   typer
click-didyoumean==0.3.1
    # via celery
click-plugins==1.1.1
    # via celery
click-repl==0.3.0
    # via celery
colorama==0.4.6
    # via dvc
colored==2.2.4
    # via -r requirements.in
colormath==3.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
configobj==5.0.8
    # via dvc
cramjam==2.8.3
    # via python-snappy
cryptography==42.0.8
    # via
    #   asyncssh
    #   jwcrypto
    #   pyjwt
    #   social-auth-core
decorator==5.1.1
    # via ipython
defusedxml==0.8.0rc2
    # via
    #   python3-openid
    #   social-auth-core
    #   willow
deprecated==1.2.14
    # via
    #   opentelemetry-api
    #   pygithub
dictdiffer==0.9.0
    # via dvc-data
diskcache==5.6.3
    # via dvc-data
distro==1.9.0
    # via
    #   dvc
    #   iterative-telemetry
django==5.0.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django-cors-headers
    #   django-extensions
    #   django-filter
    #   django-modelcluster
    #   django-modeltrans
    #   django-oauth-toolkit
    #   django-permissionedforms
    #   django-storages
    #   django-taggit
    #   django-treebeard
    #   djangorestframework
    #   drf-nested-routers
    #   drf-spectacular
    #   graphene-django
    #   laces
    #   sentry-sdk
    #   social-auth-app-django
    #   wagtail
    #   wagtail-localize
django-cors-headers==4.3.1
    # via -r requirements.in
django-environ==0.11.2
    # via -r requirements.in
django-extensions==3.2.3
    # via -r requirements.in
django-filter==24.2
    # via wagtail
django-modelcluster==6.3
    # via wagtail
django-modeltrans @ https://github.com/kausaltech/django-modeltrans/archive/a734040c3f38c2e404a61dc0be2c017874a9ea45.zip
    # via -r requirements.in
django-oauth-toolkit==2.4.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django-permissionedforms==0.1
    # via wagtail
django-storages==1.14.3
    # via -r requirements.in
django-taggit==5.0.1
    # via wagtail
django-treebeard==4.7.1
    # via wagtail
djangorestframework==3.15.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   drf-nested-routers
    #   drf-spectacular
    #   wagtail
dpath==2.2.0
    # via dvc
draftjs-exporter==5.0.0
    # via wagtail
drf-nested-routers==0.94.1
    # via -r requirements.in
drf-spectacular==0.27.2
    # via -r requirements.in
dulwich==0.22.1
    # via
    #   dvc
    #   dvc-studio-client
    #   scmrepo
dvc==3.51.2
    # via
    #   dvc-pandas
    #   dvc-s3
dvc-data==3.15.1
    # via dvc
dvc-http==2.32.0
    # via dvc
dvc-objects==5.1.0
    # via
    #   dvc
    #   dvc-data
dvc-pandas==0.1.5
    # via -r requirements.in
dvc-render==1.0.2
    # via dvc
dvc-s3==3.2.0
    # via dvc-pandas
dvc-studio-client==0.20.0
    # via dvc
dvc-task==0.4.0
    # via dvc
entrypoints==0.4
    # via gto
et-xmlfile==1.1.0
    # via openpyxl
executing==2.0.1
    # via stack-data
factory-boy==3.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pytest-factoryboy
faker==25.8.0
    # via factory-boy
filelock==3.15.1
    # via
    #   dvc-pandas
    #   iterative-telemetry
filetype==1.2.0
    # via willow
flatten-dict==0.4.2
    # via
    #   dvc
    #   dvc-s3
flexcache==0.3
    # via pint
flexparser==0.3.1
    # via pint
flufl-lock==7.1.1
    # via dvc
frozenlist==1.4.1
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   aiosignal
fsspec[http,tqdm]==2024.6.0
    # via
    #   dvc
    #   dvc-data
    #   dvc-http
    #   dvc-objects
    #   s3fs
    #   scmrepo
funcy==2.0
    # via
    #   dvc
    #   dvc-data
    #   dvc-objects
    #   dvc-task
    #   gto
    #   scmrepo
gitdb==4.0.11
    # via gitpython
gitpython==3.1.43
    # via
    #   dvc-pandas
    #   scmrepo
gql[requests]==3.5.0
    # via -r requirements.in
grandalf==0.8
    # via dvc
graphene==3.3
    # via graphene-django
graphene-django==3.2.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   wagtail-grapple
graphene-django-optimizer==0.10.0
    # via -r requirements.in
graphql-core==3.2.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   gql
    #   graphene
    #   graphene-django
    #   graphql-relay
graphql-relay==3.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   graphene
    #   graphene-django
gto==1.7.1
    # via dvc
hydra-core==1.3.2
    # via dvc
idna==3.7
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   requests
    #   yarl
importlib-metadata==7.1.0
    # via opentelemetry-api
inflection==0.5.1
    # via
    #   drf-spectacular
    #   pytest-factoryboy
iniconfig==2.0.0
    # via pytest
ipython==8.25.0
    # via -r requirements.in
iterative-telemetry==0.0.8
    # via dvc
jedi==0.19.1
    # via ipython
jinja2==3.1.4
    # via pytest-html
jmespath==1.0.1
    # via
    #   boto3
    #   botocore
jsonschema==4.22.0
    # via drf-spectacular
jsonschema-specifications==2023.12.1
    # via jsonschema
jwcrypto==1.5.6
    # via django-oauth-toolkit
kombu==5.3.7
    # via
    #   celery
    #   dvc
    #   dvc-task
l18n==2021.3
    # via wagtail
laces==0.1.1
    # via wagtail
llvmlite==0.43.0
    # via numba
logfmter==0.0.8
    # via -r requirements.in
loguru==0.7.2
    # via -r requirements.in
markdown-it-py==3.0.0
    # via rich
markupsafe==2.1.5
    # via jinja2
matplotlib-inline==0.1.7
    # via ipython
mdurl==0.1.2
    # via markdown-it-py
multidict==6.0.5
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
nanoid==2.0.0
    # via -r kausal_common/requirements-common.txt
networkx==3.3
    # via
    #   colormath
    #   dvc
numba==0.60.0
    # via -r requirements.in
numpy==1.26.4
    # via
    #   colormath
    #   numba
    #   pandas
    #   pyarrow
    #   recursive-diff
    #   xarray
oauthlib==3.2.2
    # via
    #   django-oauth-toolkit
    #   requests-oauthlib
    #   social-auth-core
omegaconf==2.3.0
    # via
    #   dvc
    #   hydra-core
openpyxl==3.1.4
    # via wagtail
opentelemetry-api==1.25.0
    # via
    #   opentelemetry-distro
    #   opentelemetry-instrumentation
    #   opentelemetry-sdk
    #   opentelemetry-semantic-conventions
opentelemetry-distro==0.46b0
    # via sentry-sdk
opentelemetry-instrumentation==0.46b0
    # via opentelemetry-distro
opentelemetry-sdk==1.25.0
    # via opentelemetry-distro
opentelemetry-semantic-conventions==0.46b0
    # via opentelemetry-sdk
orjson==3.10.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   sqltrie
packaging==24.1
    # via
    #   dvc
    #   hydra-core
    #   pytest
    #   pytest-factoryboy
    #   xarray
pandas==2.2.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   dvc-pandas
    #   pint-pandas
    #   recursive-diff
    #   xarray
parso==0.8.4
    # via jedi
pathspec==0.12.1
    # via
    #   dvc
    #   scmrepo
pexpect==4.9.0
    # via ipython
pillow==10.3.0
    # via
    #   pillow-heif
    #   wagtail
pillow-heif==0.16.0
    # via willow
pint==0.24
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pint-pandas
pint-pandas==0.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   dvc-pandas
platformdirs==3.11.0
    # via dvc
pluggy==1.5.0
    # via pytest
polars==0.20.31
    # via -r requirements.in
polib==1.2.0
    # via wagtail-localize
promise==2.3
    # via graphene-django
prompt-toolkit==3.0.47
    # via
    #   click-repl
    #   ipython
psutil==5.9.8
    # via
    #   dvc
    #   flufl-lock
psycopg[binary,pool]==3.1.19
    # via -r requirements.in
psycopg-binary==3.1.19
    # via psycopg
psycopg-pool==3.2.2
    # via psycopg
ptyprocess==0.7.0
    # via pexpect
pure-eval==0.2.2
    # via stack-data
pyarrow==16.1.0
    # via dvc-pandas
pycparser==2.22
    # via cffi
pycryptodome==3.20.0
    # via -r requirements.in
pydantic==2.7.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   gto
pydantic-core==2.18.4
    # via pydantic
pydot==2.0.0
    # via dvc
pygit2==1.15.0
    # via scmrepo
pygithub==2.3.0
    # via -r requirements.in
pygments==2.18.0
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   pygments-graphql
    #   rich
pygments-graphql==1.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
pygtrie==2.5.0
    # via
    #   dvc
    #   dvc-data
    #   scmrepo
    #   sqltrie
pyjwt[crypto]==2.8.0
    # via
    #   pygithub
    #   pyjwt
    #   social-auth-core
pynacl==1.5.0
    # via pygithub
pyparsing==3.1.2
    # via
    #   dvc
    #   grandalf
    #   pydot
pytest==8.2.2
    # via
    #   pytest-django
    #   pytest-factoryboy
    #   pytest-html
    #   pytest-metadata
pytest-django==4.8.0
    # via -r requirements.in
pytest-factoryboy==2.7.0
    # via -r requirements.in
pytest-html==4.1.1
    # via -r requirements.in
pytest-metadata==3.1.1
    # via pytest-html
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via
    #   botocore
    #   celery
    #   faker
    #   pandas
    #   s3cmd
python-dotenv==1.0.1
    # via -r requirements.in
python-magic==0.4.27
    # via s3cmd
python-snappy==0.7.1
    # via dvc-pandas
python3-openid==3.2.0
    # via social-auth-core
pytz==2024.1
    # via
    #   django-modelcluster
    #   django-oauth-toolkit
    #   l18n
    #   pandas
pyyaml==6.0.1
    # via
    #   drf-spectacular
    #   omegaconf
recursive-diff==1.2.0
    # via -r requirements.in
redis==5.0.6
    # via -r requirements.in
referencing==0.35.1
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jsonschema-specifications
requests==2.32.3
    # via
    #   django-oauth-toolkit
    #   dvc
    #   dvc-studio-client
    #   gql
    #   iterative-telemetry
    #   pygithub
    #   requests-oauthlib
    #   requests-toolbelt
    #   social-auth-core
    #   wagtail
    #   wagtail-generic-chooser
requests-oauthlib==2.0.0
    # via social-auth-core
requests-toolbelt==1.0.0
    # via gql
rich==13.7.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   dvc
    #   gto
    #   typer
rpds-py==0.18.1
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
ruamel-yaml==0.18.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   dvc
    #   dvc-pandas
    #   gto
ruamel-yaml-clib==0.2.8
    # via ruamel-yaml
s3cmd==2.4.0
    # via -r requirements.in
s3fs==2024.6.0
    # via dvc-s3
s3transfer==0.10.1
    # via boto3
scmrepo==3.3.5
    # via
    #   dvc
    #   gto
semver==3.0.2
    # via gto
sentry-sdk[django,opentelemetry]==2.5.1
    # via -r requirements.in
shellingham==1.5.4
    # via typer
shortuuid==1.0.13
    # via
    #   dvc
    #   dvc-task
shtab==1.7.1
    # via dvc
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   asttokens
    #   configobj
    #   flatten-dict
    #   l18n
    #   promise
    #   python-dateutil
smmap==5.0.1
    # via gitdb
sniffio==1.3.1
    # via anyio
social-auth-app-django==5.4.1
    # via -r requirements.in
social-auth-core==4.5.4
    # via social-auth-app-django
soupsieve==2.5
    # via beautifulsoup4
sqlparse==0.5.0
    # via django
sqltrie==0.11.0
    # via dvc-data
stack-data==0.6.3
    # via ipython
tabulate==0.9.0
    # via
    #   dvc
    #   gto
telepath==0.3.1
    # via wagtail
text-unidecode==1.3
    # via graphene-django
tomlkit==0.12.5
    # via dvc
tqdm==4.66.4
    # via
    #   dvc
    #   dvc-data
    #   fsspec
    #   scmrepo
traitlets==5.14.3
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   matplotlib-inline
typer==0.12.3
    # via gto
typing-extensions==4.12.2
    # via
    #   asyncssh
    #   flexcache
    #   flexparser
    #   ipython
    #   jwcrypto
    #   opentelemetry-sdk
    #   pint
    #   psycopg
    #   psycopg-pool
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-core
    #   pygithub
    #   pytest-factoryboy
    #   typer
    #   wagtail-localize
tzdata==2024.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   celery
    #   pandas
uritemplate==4.1.1
    # via drf-spectacular
urllib3==2.2.1
    # via
    #   botocore
    #   dulwich
    #   pygithub
    #   requests
    #   sentry-sdk
vine==5.1.0
    # via
    #   amqp
    #   celery
    #   kombu
voluptuous==0.14.2
    # via
    #   dvc
    #   dvc-studio-client
wagtail==6.1.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   wagtail-color-panel
    #   wagtail-grapple
    #   wagtail-headless-preview
    #   wagtail-localize
wagtail-color-panel==1.5.0
    # via -r requirements.in
wagtail-font-awesome-svg==1.0.1
    # via -r requirements.in
wagtail-generic-chooser==0.6.1
    # via -r requirements.in
wagtail-grapple==0.25.1
    # via -r requirements.in
wagtail-headless-preview==0.8.0
    # via wagtail-grapple
wagtail-localize==1.9
    # via -r requirements.in
watchfiles==0.22.0
    # via -r requirements.in
wcwidth==0.2.13
    # via prompt-toolkit
willow[heif]==1.8.0
    # via
    #   wagtail
    #   willow
wrapt==1.16.0
    # via
    #   aiobotocore
    #   deprecated
    #   opentelemetry-instrumentation
xarray==2024.6.0
    # via recursive-diff
yarl==1.9.4
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   gql
zc-lockfile==3.0.post1
    # via dvc
zipp==3.19.2
    # via importlib-metadata

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# setuptools
